README.md, before:

# Summary
This project provides a service for DND rolls via zero message queue (ZMQ).  

# How does it work?
The client will ask the user to create a character (if not already registered). The user will now be able to enter his modifiers. The modifiers are sent to the broker, which will forward them over the network to all devices. The service recognises a message from the client and will store the user and the modifiers. The client can now select a die. The service will then roll it and set off the modifier. The result will be sent back to the client. The client programme will display the result.

## Client

## Service

# Network diagram

So, as explained above, the client will send a message to the broker. The broker, in turn, will send this message to all devices on the network. The service will recognise this message and respond to it. If all goes well, the service will send the result of the throw back to the broker. The broker will again send this message to all network devices. Only the devices subscribed to the topic will receive the result.

A simplified version is shown in the image below.

![Network Diagram](./Doc/Pictures/Network_Diagram.png)  

## Topics
Topics are provided to ensure that other clients and services in the network are not disturbed by this service. These topics ensure that only packets to and from the service are responded to. A topic for this programme consists of:  
``` Service>Dice?>Data ```  
The questionmark indicates the request from client to service.
To send something from the client to the service. The service will reply with:  
``` Service>Dice!>Data ```  
The exclamation mark indicates the service's response to the client.

## Packages
A complete package consists of the topic followed by the data. Below is an example of a roll request followed by the service's reply.
The complete list of packages can be found [here.][Link_PackageList]

## Example communication
Below is an example of a standard communication between client and service. The broker has been left out of this example to make it simpler. After all, the broker is nothing more than a pass-through
![Example Communication](./Doc/Pictures/Example_Communication.png)  

[Link_PackageList]: https://github.com/SemKirkels/NetworkProgramming_Project/blob/main/Doc/PackageList.md

Commit message:

[Update Readme]: Corrected grammer errors, [Added PackageList.md], [Added BuildManual.md]

README.md, after:

# Summary
This project provides a service for DND rolls via zero message queue (ZMQ).  

# How does it work?
The client will ask the user to create a character (if not already registered). The user will now be able to enter his modifiers. The modifiers are sent to the broker, which will forward them over the network to all devices. The service recognises a message from the client and will store the user and the modifiers. The client can now select a die. The service will then roll it and set off the modifier. The result will be sent back to the client. The client programme will display the result.

## Client
The client program will ask the user to choose a player name and enter the modifiers. This name and modifiers will be forwarded to the service. Once the service has registered the player, the client will receive a message that it was successful. The client can now send roll requests and wait for a result from the service.

## Service
The service program will receive a player name and modifiers. These will be written away in a .txt file. If the write is successful, the service will send a reply. On this, the service will listen for roll requests from the client. A roll request is handled with the modifiers and the result is sent back to the client.

# Network diagram
So, as explained above, the client will send a message to the broker. The broker, in turn, will send this message to all devices on the network. The service will recognise this message and respond to it. If all goes well, the service will send the result of the throw back to the broker. The broker will again send this message to all network devices. Only the devices subscribed to the topic will receive the result.

A simplified version is shown in the image below.

![Network Diagram](./Doc/Pictures/Network_Diagram.png)  

## Topics
Topics are provided to ensure that other clients and services in the network are not disturbed by this service. These topics ensure that only packets to and from the service are responded to. A topic for this program consists of:  
``` Service>Dice?>Data> ```  
The questionmark indicates the request from client to service.
To send something from the client to the service. The service will reply with:  
``` Service>Dice!>Data> ```  
The exclamation mark indicates the service's response to the client.

## Packages
A complete package consists of the topic followed by the data. Below is an example of a roll request followed by the service's reply.
The complete list of packages can be found [here.][Link_PackageList]
A package must always end with ``` > ``` for easy parcing.

## Example communication
Below is an example of a standard communication between client and service. The broker has been left out of this example to make it simpler. After all, the broker is nothing more than a pass-through
![Example Communication](./Doc/Pictures/Example_Communication.png)  

# Build manual
A buildmanual can be found [here.][Link_BuildManual]

[Link_PackageList]: https://github.com/SemKirkels/NetworkProgramming_Project/blob/main/Doc/PackageList.md
[Link_BuildManual]:
